[DNS] Add paragraph clarifying subdomain setup availability (#14048)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/zone-setups/subdomain-setup/setup.md

When using a [subdomain setup](/dns/zone-setups/subdomain-setup/), the steps to create a child domain depend on the parent domain's setup and whether the child domain already exists.

> This setup is only available for Enterprise accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Child domain setup is only available for Enterprise accounts.
```
